what's up guys
I am here shooting a creative spaces TV
episode in LA and this is Gloria
yes Gloria tell me a little bit about
like yeah we are at thousand
headquarters slash my garage and 1000s
we make bike helmets you actually want
to wear yes because this is an issue I
didn't want to wear a helmet because it
didn't look cool so you're solving a
problem of design but also thank you we
just finished up our creative spaces TV
interview and Gloria is an entrepreneur
you quit your job you built this thing
you crowd-sourced your company it's it's
an amazing deal and now she's shipping
out all these helmets and we talked
about how our trainer ship is literally
just solving a problem the way I did it
was just the way I knew how to do it I
feel like you can some people are super
fancy about it they're like let me do
market research let me see you major
pain points in where there's like
accident industry and what's the market
size and like that's definitely one way
to do it and I'm sure you feel great
companies that way but for me it's like
I bike I hate wearing helmet I dunno
what I would like to wear so no so I
went in trouble yeah I found it by
coming I hate one thing I know it does
it's like I hate carrying around at home
it we have something called a pop lock
where our logo mark actually pops out
and you can do a bike walk through it
and lock it up I didn't want to make a
Bluetooth on it so like that's not a
problem I have liked talking on my phone
and like wear your helmet like for me
it's just like what are things I don't
like to do and how can we make I omit
that like this also yeah I love it yeah
and so it's fine what you want to do
what do you love to do in life and I
promise you everything this world needs
so so many problems on things you're
gonna find problems and then you just
find a solution to the problem that you
have you know within the interest of
yeah we're doing here's a little pro tip
these are ND filters when you're
shooting outside and a bright beautiful
California
you have to put ND filters and your
cameras super bright you can only crank
up the f-stop and shutter so much so
this darkens it for you so you can still
have like an f-stop but like around f4
and the shutter doesn't have to get too
ridiculously high pretty much almost
done with the shoot but I think it's
appropriate to go outside do some
exploring on a bike with Gloria have a
ride around with her awesome fancy
helmet and I have my boosted board with
me so we're going to take out this guy
put on some spiffy helmets and go ride
around la yeah
does the booster board do like rocky
stuff everything I'm not I'm thinking
like neighborhood yeah I mean I mean
California neighborhoods all look
amazing so just kinda cool neighborhood
good thing we got our helmet
it's so much fun I love this thing it's
like I'm gonna make you like you're
gonna want one after this okay so this
is your controller like hold down the
trigger to go and then just slightly
inch for it to go forward and then
slightly inch back to like break and
it's like yeah how the knees bent a
little bit and ready it yeah killing it
right every time I hop on this piston I
forget how so much free info just so hot
out there such a fun ride I'm about to
go finish up the creative spaces TV
shoot and then it's only like 12 o'clock
I woke up super earlier this morning
um and I'm going to go help out with
some shoots this documentary we're
interviewing this couple who actually
met at VidCon like five years ago and
they're now married so that'll be a fun
interview to do and tonight
just do stuff like edit um so yeah I'm
gonna sign up now you guys have a
fabulous day
it's such a fun day cruise around
California so hot so hot and I'll see
you next one stay PG bye please stop
yelling about it
there's an issue at the GPS I hear it
there's someone walking by
and yet you see the drown